<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_topics" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Concept Topics</title>
  <shortdesc>Concept topics introduce and explain subjects, providing background knowledge before procedural or reference content.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>Course Team</author>
    <critdates>
      <created date="2025-06-12"/>
    </critdates>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <title>Use</title>
      <p>Concept topics explain an idea or procedure. They often provide background information that users need to know before they can complete a task successfully.</p>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Required Tags</title>
      <ul>
        <li>&lt;concept&gt;: Root element that identifies the document as a concept topic.</li>
        <li>&lt;title&gt;: For concept topics, use noun-based titles instead of verb-based titles. For example, <i>Coffee Machine</i> would be an appropriate title for a concept topic, whereas <i>Using the Coffee Machine</i> sounds like a task.</li>
        <li>&lt;shortdesc&gt;: A brief summary or abstract. Short descriptions are often very difficult to write. For more information, see Part IV: Short Descriptions.</li>
        <li>&lt;conbody&gt;: The main body content of your topic is enclosed within the &lt;conbody&gt; tag.</li>
        <li>&lt;section&gt; or &lt;p&gt;: If the idea explained in your topic is particularly complex, you can divide your content into smaller sections.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Structural Best Practices</title>
      <ul>
        <li>Start with a clear definition or overview.</li>
        <li>Explain the "why" before the "what".</li>
        <li>Use analogies and examples for complex concepts.</li>
        <li>Organize from general to specific.</li>
        <li>Link to related procedural content (tasks).</li>
        <li>Avoid embedding task steps within concept explanations. Instead, link to separate task topics.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>

<section>
  <title>Sample XML Code</title>
  <codeblock outputclass="language-xml">
&lt;concept id="twofactorauth"&gt;
  &lt;title&gt;What is Two-Factor Authentication?&lt;/title&gt;
  &lt;shortdesc&gt;Two-factor authentication (2FA) adds an extra layer of security.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
  &lt;conbody&gt;
    &lt;p&gt;2FA requires users to provide two forms of identity verification...&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;section&gt;
      &lt;title&gt;Benefits of 2FA&lt;/title&gt;
      &lt;p&gt;It protects against phishing, stolen passwords, and more.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;/section&gt;
  &lt;/conbody&gt;
&lt;/concept&gt;
  </codeblock>
</section>

  </conbody>
</concept>
