<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="part3_topic_types" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Part III: Topic Types</title>
  <shortdesc>This module introduces core DITA topic types and their appropriate usage to improve content clarity and organization.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>Course Team</author>
    <critdates>
      <created date="2025-06-12"/>
    </critdates>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>DITA defines several structured topic types, each intended for a different documentation purpose. Every DITA document falls into one of the following categories:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Concept topics</li>
      <li>Task topics</li>
      <li>Reference topics</li>
      <li>Glossary topics</li>
      <li>Troubleshooting topics</li>
    </ul>

<p>Whenever you create a new DITA document, you need to determine which topic type is appropriate for the information you want to convey. 
Using the correct topic type ensures that your content is well organized and reusable across deliverables.</p>

    <section>
      <title>Learning Objectives</title>
      <p>Upon completing this module, you will be able to:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Explain the purpose and appropriate use cases for the core DITA topic types.</li>
        <li>Identify the structural elements (tags) associated with each topic type.</li>
        <li>Apply each topic type correctly when structuring your content.</li>
        <li>Understand how different topic types work together to form comprehensive documentation.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
