<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="reference_topics" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Reference Topics</title>
  <shortdesc>Reference topics provide structured, factual information that complements and supports both task and concept topics.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>Course Team</author>
    <critdates>
      <created date="2025-06-12"/>
    </critdates>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <p>Reference content should be concise, easy to scan, and non-narrative. Examples include configuration tables, field definitions, API specifications, and system requirements. Reference topics consolidate information that users need to look up for quick reference.</p>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>User Intent</title>
      <p>"I need to find specific information quickly."</p>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Common Tags</title>
      <ul>
        <li>&lt;reference&gt;: Root element.</li>
        <li>&lt;title&gt;: Topic title.</li>
        <li>&lt;shortdesc&gt;: Brief introduction.</li>
        <li>&lt;refbody&gt;: Container for detailed data.</li>
        <li>&lt;section&gt;, &lt;table&gt;, or &lt;properties&gt;: Structured content.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Best Practices for Writing</title>
      <ul>
        <li>Prioritize ease of lookup over narrative flow.</li>
        <li>Use consistent formatting for similar information types.</li>
        <li>Include searchable keywords and synonyms.</li>
        <li>Organize information logically (for example, by importance, by workflow, or alphabetically).</li>
        <li>Provide cross-references to related concepts and tasks.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>

<section>
  <title>Sample XML Code</title>
  <codeblock outputclass="language-xml">
&lt;reference id="systemreqs"&gt;
  &lt;title&gt;System Requirements&lt;/title&gt;
  &lt;shortdesc&gt;Minimum and recommended requirements for installation.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
  &lt;refbody&gt;
    &lt;table&gt;
      &lt;tgroup cols="2"&gt;
        &lt;thead&gt;
          &lt;row&gt;
            &lt;entry&gt;Component&lt;/entry&gt;
            &lt;entry&gt;Requirement&lt;/entry&gt;
          &lt;/row&gt;
        &lt;/thead&gt;
        &lt;tbody&gt;
          &lt;row&gt;
            &lt;entry&gt;Operating System&lt;/entry&gt;
            &lt;entry&gt;Windows 10 or later&lt;/entry&gt;
          &lt;/row&gt;
          &lt;row&gt;
            &lt;entry&gt;RAM&lt;/entry&gt;
            &lt;entry&gt;8 GB minimum&lt;/entry&gt;
          &lt;/row&gt;
        &lt;/tbody&gt;
      &lt;/tgroup&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
  &lt;/refbody&gt;
&lt;/reference&gt;
  </codeblock>
</section>

  </conbody>
</concept>
